# text2code

## Introduction
`text2code` is a command-line tool designed to reconstruct a project's directory and files from a consolidated text file. It specifically uses output generated by `code2text`, a tool that consolidates code files into a single text document.

## Related Tool
This tool is intended to work with output from [`code2text`](https://github.com/forrest321/code2text), which creates a text file of a project's code files with their paths.

## Installation

### Find the executable for your system in releases
[`text2code releases`](https://github.com/forrest321/text2code/releases)

### Prerequisites
- Go (1.15 or later) [Only if installing from source]

### Install from Source
To install `text2code` from source using Go, ensure your environment is set up with `GOPATH/bin` in your `PATH` and then run:

```bash
go install github.com/forrest21/text2code@latest
```

This command will compile the program and place the executable in your GOPATH/bin, making it executable from anywhere on your command line.

## Usage
To use text2code, simply provide the path to the consolidated text file produced by code2text:
text2code <path_to_text_file>

The tool reads the text file, recreates the directory structure, and restores all files as specified.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository, make your modifications, and submit a pull request.

## License
text2code is released under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file in the repository for details.